Updating readme (#16)
e-Sixt/coding-conventions-swift: README.md

3. Else-case should be in the same line as the closing bracket from the if-statement.

<a name="closures"></a>

> ## **9** Closures ##

Reviewer: The `.` is missing after the number 😉

Author: Done

```

<a name="imports"></a> 
## **15.** Minimal Imports ##

1. Keep imports minimal. For example, don't import UIKit when importing Foundation will suffice.
2. When introducing a new import, check if that is already importing an existent framework in your file. For instance, UIKit is already importing Foundation. Therefore, if you need UIKit, you can remove your previous Foundation import.

<a name="implicit-context"></a>
## **16.** Implicit context ##

> 1. While using nesting for classes and structures, do not prefix class/struct name with the parent class name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. While using nesting for classes, structures or enums, do not prefix class/struct name with the parent class name.
```

Reviewer 2: As I think we are using enums as namespaces. I would suggest to specify them here. Otherwise, I'm fine with the change
